The final type of compatibility offered by Schema Registry is none compatibility.
This type of compatibility could be used to
indicate a breaking change in our schema definition.
For example, if we change the amount field in our purchase schema from int to float,
this is a change that does not satisfy a backward or forward compatibility changes.
Changing a field from int to float or int to string is a complete breaking change.
The wrinkle here is that none,
tell Schema Registry to stop tracking changes.
When you run into this kind of scenario,
it's a best practice to start a new topic with your new schema,
rather than putting incompatible data into the new topic.
Not following this best practice will almost certainly break downstream consumers
and result in messy consumer code to handle incompatible data within the same topic.
It's worth mentioning that not using schema registry to attract compatibility,
in a sense almost wipes out the benefit of using the tool.
So please avoid using this unless there's a really strong reason to.